Feature/recon documentation (#395)
databrickslabs/remorph: README.md

Transpile stands out as a comprehensive and versatile SQL transpiler, boasting a robust test suite to ensure reliability. Developed entirely in Python, it not only demonstrates high performance but also highlights syntax errors and provides warnings or raises alerts for dialect incompatibilities based on configurations.

## Reconcile

> Data Recon Harness is an advanced Python project designed to streamline the reconciliation process between source data and target data residing on Databricks. Currently, the platform exclusively offers support for Snowflake, Oracle, and Databricks as the primary data source. This innovative tool empowers users to efficiently identify discrepancies and variations in data when comparing the source with the Databricks target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data Recon is an automated tool designed to streamline the reconciliation process between source data and target data residing on Databricks. Currently, the platform exclusively offers support for Snowflake, Oracle and other  Databricks tables as the primary data source. This tool empowers users to efficiently identify discrepancies and variations in data when comparing the source with the Databricks target.
```

Reviewer 2: Done

![check-python-version](docs/check-python-version.gif)

[[back to top](#table-of-contents)]

----

# Installation

Upon completing the environment setup, install Remorph by executing the following command:
```bash
databricks labs install remorph
```
[[back to top](#table-of-contents)]

----
# How to Use Transpile

## Step 1 : Verify Installation
Verify the successful installation by executing the provided command; confirmation of a successful installation is indicated when the displayed output aligns with the example screenshot provided:
```bash

>  databricks labs remorph transpile --help

Reviewer: Add help for recon as well, since install can install for both `transpile` as well as `reconcile`

Reviewer 2: It is already there .. I added it in `How to Use Reconcile` part
